Dynamic configuration API documentation refactor (#15077)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/dynamic-configuration-api.md

  ~ under the License.
  -->

This document describes the API endpoints to retrieve and manage dynamic configurations for the [Coordinator](../design/coordinator.md) and [Overlord](../design/overlord.md) in Apache Druid.

In this topic, `http://ROUTER_IP:ROUTER_PORT` is a placeholder for your Router service address and port.
Replace it with the information for your deployment.
For example, use `http://localhost:8888` for quickstart deployments.

## Coordinator dynamic configuration

The Coordinator has dynamic configurations to tune certain behavior on the fly, without requiring a service restart.

> For information on dynamic configuration spec properties, see [Coordinator dynamic configuration](../configuration/index.md#dynamic-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the supported properties, see [Coordinator dynamic configuration](../configuration/index.md#dynamic-configuration).
```

> ### Get Coordinator dynamic configuration

Reviewer: Since these are all in the "Coordinator" heading, what do you think about removing it from the subsection headings to make it a bit easier to skim? So for example, something like:
* Get dynamic configuration
* Update dynamic configuration
* Get dynamic configuration history

Current preview:
![image](https://github.com/apache/druid/assets/7747997/56bb8f3a-12f8-4fbe-8ba4-e9f89e4ed7fc)

Author: That's a great idea.

> Retrieves current Coordinator dynamic configuration. Returns a JSON object with the dynamic configuration properties and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the current Coordinator dynamic configuration. Returns a JSON object with the dynamic configuration properties and values.
```
